---
title: LwM2M Components
description:
layout: doc
---


This section provides a quick overview of LwM2M Architecture and Resource Model.

## LwM2M Architecture

### 1. LwM2M Client 
* This runs on the device and is responsible for managing local resources and communicating with the LwM2M server.
### 2. LwM2M Server
* This is the remote entity that manages the LwM2M clients. It handles tasks such as device registration, reading and writing resources, and executing commands.
### 3. Bootstrap Server 
* This server helps devices to connect to the LwM2M server by providing initial configuration and credentials.

::ShImgContainer
---
urlImage: /images/lwm2m/overall_architecture.drawio.svg
altImage: Overal LwM2M Architecture
figcaption: Overal LwM2M Architecture
---
::

## LwM2M Resource Model:

The LWM2M Enabler defines a simple resource model where each piece of information made available by the LWM2M Client is a Resource.
Resources are logically organized into Objects. The figure illustrates this structure, and the relationship between Resources, Objects, and the LWM2M Client.

::ShImgContainer
---
urlImage: /images/lwm2m/relationship_client_object_resources.svg
altImage: Resource Model
figcaption: Resource Model
---
::


The OMA Lightweight M2M (LwM2M) protocol uses a hierarchical object and resource model to manage and interact with IoT devices. This model organizes the data and functionalities of a device into well-defined objects and resources, making it easier to monitor, control, and manage various aspects of the device.

* **1. Object:** An object represents a specific type of data or functionality on a device. For example, an object could be a temperature sensor, a firmware update mechanism, or a connectivity monitor.

* **2. Resource:** Each object consists of one or more resources. A resource represents a specific piece of data or a function within the object. For instance, a temperature sensor object might have resources for the current temperature reading, the sensor's unit of measurement, and the sensor's status.

    * The LWM2M Client may have any number of Resources, each of which belongs to an Object.
    * Resources and Objects have the capability to have multiple instances of the Resource or Object.
    * Resources are defined per Object, and each Resource is given a unique identifier within that Object.
    * Each Object and Resource is defined to have one or more operations that it supports.
    * A Resource MAY consist of multiple instances called a Resource Instance as defined in the Object specification.



#### LwM2M Objects:

#### `Object License`
 * Software license inside of the Object.
   * Each Object in the OMNA LwM2M Registry MUST have a license. Currently, the tool provides only three different type of licenses:
     * `BSD-3 Clause license`. This is the only license that is accepted by One Data Model Registry, (ODM). ODM has created a language that can represent any object/model defined by Standards Development Organizations. For more information see <a href= "https://github.com/one-data-model" target="_blank">One Data Model</a>.
     * `OMA BSD-3 license`. To be used by OMA Working Groups only.
     * `Your own license`. Please note that licenses that are not popular, e.g. (MIT, Apache, etc) are strongly discouraged; your Object won't be registered with One Data Model and more than probably won't be used by other members of the community.

#### `Name`
 * Name of the Object.
   * For details see <a href="https://github.com/OpenMobileAlliance/lwm2m-registry/wiki/Guidelines#name-1" target="_blank">'Name'</a> below.
 * The `Name` value is duplicated in the title of the tool and in the definition of the Object. There is only one single `Name` value.

#### `Description`
 * The object description element should contain a precise and short definition of the purpose of the object. 
 * This value is used to populate the description field in the [OMNA LwM2M Registry]. 
 * The length of the description is limited to **134** characters.

### 1. Object Definition

####  `Operations`
 * These are operations related to the <a href="https://devtoolkit.openmobilealliance.org/OEditor/Legal?back=default.aspx" target="_blank">LwM2M Editor</a>:
   * `Edit`
   * `Save`

#### `Name`
 * `Name` of the Object, is the value that will appear inside the Object file.
 * If the `Name` has more than one word, first letter of each word should be capitalized. 
 * **NOTE:** The **IPSO Working Group**, pay special attention to the meaning of the name. The names should be very specific rather than general. 
>To request support and direction, please contact the **IPSO Working Group** via <a href="https://github.com/OpenMobileAlliance/lwm2m-registry/issues" target="_blank">GitHub Issues</a>.

#### <a href="/lwm2m/resources/registry" target="_blank">`Object ID`</a>
 
 >**Note:**
 >`Object ID` is formally allocated by OMA staff. 
 >
 >If you would like to reserve an ID please get in contact via
 >[GitHub Issues](https://github.com/OpenMobileAlliance/lwm2m-registry/issues) or via email: helpdesk@omaorg.org.

#### `Object Version`
 * This is related to the version of the Object.
 >Please ensure that the version is aligned with the definition of the <a href="https://github.com/OpenMobileAlliance/lwm2m-registry/wiki/Guidelines#object-urn" target="_blank">`URN`</a>.

#### `LWM2M Version`
 * The value of this element indicates the version of the **LwM2M protocol**.
 >Please ensure that this value matches the schema defined in the attribute, e.g.: ```xsi:noNamespaceSchemaLocation="http://.../LWM2M-v1_1"```.
 >
 >**NOTE:** OMA may introduce new schemas, e.g.: ```LWM2M.xsd```, ```LWM2M-v1_1.xsd```, in the future.

#### `Object URN`
 * The composition of this element is: ```urn:oma:lwm2m:<oma|ext|x>:<ObjectID>:<version>```
   * The category: indicates different ranges and stakeholders as described in the `Object ID`.

     * `oma`- Objects Produced by OMA. Only OMA can use this element 
        * e.g urn:oma:lwm2m:**oma**:`<ObjectID>:<version>`
     * `ext`- Objects registered by 3rd party standards organisations or alliances 
        * e.g urn:oma:lwm2m:**ext**:`<ObjectID>:<version>`
     * `x`- Objects registered by companies or individuals 
        * e.g urn:oma:lwm2m:**x**:`<ObjectID>:<version>`

 * `version` indicates the `ObjectVersion`:
   * for `1.0` is omitted from the urn,e.g.: `urn:oma:lwm2m:x:10241`
   * for version increments the urn is updated, e.g.`1.1` **must** be included: `urn:oma:lwm2m:x:10241:1.1`
 
#### `Instances`
 * Two possible values:
    * `multiple` - Indicates that it is possible to have more than one instantiation of the Object.
    * `single` - Indicates that is only one instantiation of the Object.

#### `Mandatory`
 * `Optional` - It is the default value. 
 * `Mandatory` - Value is restricted to some Objects defined by **OMA DMSE Working Group**.

### 2. Resource Definition

#### Editing Operations
 * These are operations related to the <a href="https://devtoolkit.openmobilealliance.org/OEditor/Legal?back=default.aspx" target="_blank">LwM2M Editor</a>:
  * `Edit`
  * `Save`
  * `Cancel`
  * `Delete`
  * `Move` (only available under Resources Definitions)

#### `Resource ID`
 * There are three types of Resources ID's:
   * `Common`
     * It doesn't need to be registered with <a href="/lwm2m/resources/registry" target="_blank">OMNA LwM2M Registry</a>.
     * Range: `0 - 2047`
     * The `ResourceID` must be unique within the Object.
   >Please ensure that the range is sorted out in ascending order, e.g.: `0`, `1`, `2`, etc.

   * `Reusable`
     * Range: `2048 - 26240`.
     * It **MUST** be registered with <a href="/lwm2m/resources/registry" target="_blank">OMNA LwM2M Registry</a>.
       * You can use the <a href="https://devtoolkit.openmobilealliance.org/OEditor/Legal?back=default.aspx" target="_blank">LwM2M Editor</a> for this registration.
    >Please note that Reusable Resources are selected by entry the number of the Reusable Resource in the Editor.
    >The tool populates, directly, the values for the Reusable Resource from the OMNA LwM2M Registry. 
    >According to the Technical Specifications. 
    >The following elements in a Reusable Resource cannot be modified:
    >  - `Name`, 
    >  - `ResourceID`,
    >  - `Operations`,
    >  - `Type`,
    >  - `Range or Enumeration`,
    >  - `Units`, and
    >  - `Description`
    >
    >If you need to customize the Reusable Resource `Description`, then use `Edit Additional Definition` button at the end of the table.

   * `Private`
     * It doesn't need to be registered with <a href="/lwm2m/resources/registry" target="_blank">OMNA LwM2M Registry</a>.
     * Range: `26241 - 32768`.
     * It is open to re-use.


#### `Resource Name`
 * If the Resource is composed by more than one name, then please capitalize and separate each word.

#### `Resource Operations`
 * The <a href="https://devtoolkit.openmobilealliance.org/OEditor/Legal?back=default.aspx" target="_blank">LwM2M Editor</a> restricts the possible values.
 >Please note that if you select the option `E`-`Execute` then, the `Type` **must** be empty.

#### `Resource Instances`
 * The <a href="https://devtoolkit.openmobilealliance.org/OEditor/Legal?back=default.aspx" target="_blank">LwM2M Editor</a> provides two possible options:
   * `Multiple`
   * `Single`

#### `Resource Mandatory`
 * This element has two possible values:
   * `Mandatory`
     * It implies that the `Resource` **must** be present as soon as the Object is instantiated.

   * `Optional`
     * It indicates that this `Resource` in that particular Objects is **optional**.

#### `Resource Type`
  * The <a href="http://www.openmobilealliance.org/release/LightweightM2M/" target="_blank">LwM2M Technical Specifications</a> define several  `Type`'s.

#### `Resource Range or Enumeration`
 * Machine-readable definition of valid values for the resource. 
 * Ranges of values are expressed with **two** dots, e.g.: '0..250'. List of valid values can be given as comma separated list. See <a href="http://www.openmobilealliance.org/release/LightweightM2M/V1_1_1-20190617-A/OMA-TS-LightweightM2M_Core-V1_1_1-20190617-A.pdf" target="_blank">Appendix D of LwM2M TS 1.1.1</a> for details. 
* Explanation of values (if not obvious from the context) should be given in the resource description. 

#### `Resource Units`
 * The `Units` defined in OMA LwM2M Objects are defined by <a href="https://www.iana.org/assignments/senml/senml.xhtml" target="_blank">SenML - Sensor Measurement Lists</a>.
 * In addition to <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OpenMobileAlliance/lwm2m-registry/refs/heads/prod/LWM2M_senml_units.xml" target="_blank">SenML</a> `Units` two extra values have been added to this list:
   * `TBD` - *To Be Defined*
     * This value is used when none of the `Unit` symbols in the drop-menu list are suitable.
       * This value will trigger the **IPSO WG** to define a suitable `Unit`.
   * `blank` 
     * This value can be used when no `Unit` is necessary. 

 >Please, send your `Unit` suggestion to the **IPSO WG** via <a href="https://github.com/OpenMobileAlliance/lwm2m-registry/issues" target="_blank">GitHub Issues</a>.  
 >**IPSO WG** will evaluate if a new `Unit` value will be sent to <a href="https://www.iana.org/assignments/senml/senml.xhtml" target="_blank">IANA</a> for registration.

The following guidelines should be followed to maximize interoperability across uses of the units:
* Existing unit identifiers, when available, MUST be used (there must be only one unit identifier for each unit).
* When selecting a unit, the non-scaled SI units SHOULD be preferred over-scaled units (e.g., "m/s" instead of "km/h" for speed)
  * certain scaled units (e.g., "km/h" and "kWh") are being registered to enable the use of units for legacy models and in scenarios where scaled units are the industry norm; however the number of registered scaled units should be minimal.
* There needs to be a compelling use case for registering new units; a reference to the use of the new unit in standards specifications is recommended
  * units that are specific to a single use case or user should not be registered; for such use, the unit field can be left empty, and the semantics of the value can be explained in the description of the resource.  


#### `Resource Description`
 * Be precise and short.
 >Note: Reusable Resources `Description` is fixed during initial definition and must not be changed when used in new objects. If a context-specific description of a resource is needed, the object description can be used for this purpose.




