---
title: Join OMA
description:
layout: doc
---

Joining OMA SpecWorks is easier than ever! Simply complete our straightforward <a href="https://www.openmobilealliance.org/documents/Website/Membership/OMA-Reference-2024-0001-General_Application.pdf" target="_blank">Membership Application</a>, agree to the <a href="/documentation/Membership/OMA-Reference-2020-0001-Bylaws.pdf" target="_blank">Bylaws</a>, and submit the  [applicable dues](/omaspecworks/membership). Approval typically takes just 10 business days, and you’ll be on your way to unlocking the full <a href="/omaspecworks/membership/benefits"> benefits of membership</a>.

Here’s how to join:

1. **Complete the <a href="https://www.openmobilealliance.org/documents/Website/Membership/OMA-Reference-2024-0001-General_Application.pdf" target="_blank">application form**</a> – It’s quick and user-friendly!
2. **Send your completed application to**:  
2907 Shelter Island Drive  
Suite 105-273  
San Diego, CA 92106 USA
3. **Email a copy to <snewberry@omaorg.org>**.

Prefer a fully digital process? We’ve got you covered with an easy-to-use <a href="https://na4.docusign.net/Member/PowerFormSigning.aspx?PowerFormId=956b4ea3-2b31-4673-a94b-dfd025e147b9&env=na4&acct=5cb7d7a3-7be2-4e98-ae3c-bb2cc681bfd4&v=2" target="_blank">DocuSign</a> version of the <a href="https://www.openmobilealliance.org/documents/Website/Membership/OMA-Reference-2024-0001-General_Application.pdf" target="_blank">Membership Agreement</a>.

Still have questions? Reach out to us at <membership@omaorg.org> or use our [contact form](/contact-us#send-us-your-comments).

Become part of OMA SpecWorks today and connect with a global community driving innovation and standards!
### Newsletter 
Subscribe to the Open Mobile Alliance (OMA) [Newsletter](/newsletter) for key updates on new protocols, industry developments, events, and member activities. Stay informed and ahead in mobile standards with essential insights delivered straight to your inbox.

### Why Joining OMA?
As a member of OMA, you will be part of a global community dedicated to advancing mobile technology standards. Membership provides a unique opportunity to collaborate with industry leaders, contribute to the development of cutting-edge standards, and ensure that your organization's needs are represented in the evolving mobile ecosystem.

#### Membership Benefits:
- **Influence Standards Development:** [Contribute](/omaspecworks/get-involved) to the creation and evolution of OMA standards, ensuring they meet the needs of the industry and your organization.
- **Access to Resources:** Gain early access to draft [specifications](/specifications/search), technical documents, and working group materials.
- **Networking Opportunities:** Connect with industry peers, participate in [OMA events](/oma-events), and join specialized [working groups](/omaspecworks/collaborate/working-groups) to collaborate on specific areas of interest.
- **Voting Rights:** Participate in OMA governance and decision-making processes by having the right to vote on key issues.